www.addic7ed.com
Tickets this way for
the Chatsworth Express.
Come and watch pikeys making a
mess of the lives they were given
by 'im upstairs
and kids they're convinced
aren't actually theirs.
Stay away!
What sounds on earth
could ever replace...Oi!
..kids needing money
or wives in your face?
Cos this, people reckon,
and me included,
is why pubs and drugs
were kindly invented,
to calm us all down,
stop us going mental.
These are Chatsworth
Estate's basic essentials.
We are worth every penny
for grinding your axes.
You shit on our heads
but you pay the taxes.
Imagine a Britain without
Chatsworth buccaneers
who'd cum on your face
for the price of a beer.
Make poverty history,
cheaper drugs now.
Make...poverty...history.
Cheaper drugs now!
Scatter!
So, Maxine, then...
'Here's the problem with society.
We've got too much choice.
'Every decade that rolls past,
we get more and more lifestyle options.
'And the one thing you can
guarantee about people,
'give 'em a choice and they'll
pick the wrong fuckin' one.
'And then it's too late.
'Can't rewind, can't go back,
you've made your choice
'and you and everyone else
has got to live with it.'
ASAP.
Was happy to feed Stella.
Make sure the bills were paid.
Stop dad from choking
on his own vomit.
Wasn't choking so much
as a terrified gargle.
But you just broke
the camel's back.
Camel?
Hey, brekkie!
Just take, take, take,
with you, innit?
Should've got that tidy thing you
hang around with to sew it for you,
instead of pissing Liam off.
That's her job, see?
Maxine?
Maxine? Yeah.
Maxine? Yeah. We broke up.
Remember?
Remember? Give you the sharp
end of the elbow, did she?
No. I dumped her.
Seriously. I did.
It was me. All me.
She's out of your league, mate.
You're supposed to hold onto those ones,
not chuck 'em away.
It just didn't feel right.
Good in the sack, made you laugh,
bit of a brain on her, cracking
tits you could stare at for hours?
Well, yeah.
So what the fuck didn't feel right?
Well, while you're ruminating on
your failings as a human being,
two eggs, sunny side up.
So, you'll do it, then.
I dunno. It's weird.
Statement, not a question.
I've already told my mum and dad
that I'm bringing my boyfriend
to their anniversary party.
Oh, great.
What?
Congratulations.
But I'm not a doctor.
And even if I was,
I'd be a gay doctor,
so that's even less use for you.
You're the only
half-decent man I know.
So show up, slap a smile on your
face and pretend you like me.
Why you so bothered about
impressing your parents, anyway?
Why you so bothered about impressing your
parents, anyway? Because they think I'm a
fuck-up.
And I am a fuck-up.
But I'm not going to provide
them with any more ammunition.
Tell you what,
that black goes in...
..and you're on.
You all right, mate. >
Look, I don't want to sound like a tit,
but your angle's all wrong.
Come on, then.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
That was actually pretty good.
Nothing.
What, that doesn't count!
You said the black had to go in.
You didn't say who by.
Wear something straight.
Got any Tom Bakers?
What?
What? Scarves.
You know, like Tom Baker wore.
Ladieswear, third floor.
Eh?
It's the lowest form of wit, love.
Never mind.
Going to look like a real
twat if I turn up without one.
Bournemouth, three days.
Doctor Who convention.
There's going to be a real,
live Cyberman there.
And I fucking love Cybermen.
And I fucking love Cybermen. 4.50.
I hear that Karen Maguire's
coming out of prison today.
I hear that Karen Maguire's coming
out of prison today. You sure?
Yeah.
Yeah. And it was hospital,
not prison?
Yeah. And it was hospital, not prison? No.
Mimi definitely said prison.
Ta. See ya.
Yeah, live long and prosper.
Are you OK?
I've stayed in worse places.
It's all right.
You can give me a hug,
I'm not going to break.
Bit quiet in here, innit?
People aren't willing to slap
down cash for a quickie any more.
Everyone just stays home and wanks.
I thought when Lillian
left me in charge
it would be a chance
to do things my way.
But you can't have a knocking
shop if nobody's knocking.
KNOCKING
Um...
Piss off, son.
Come back when you're older.
Woah, woah. Don't you fucking move.
How old are ya?
16.
You got ID?
Technically, he's legal.
Yeah, but if he gets
his rocks off in here,
every bloody kid for miles is going
to be coming through that door...
Woah, woah, woah...
Park your arse.
"She's young," I said.
"They make mistakes.
"That's what youth is all about.
She'll learn."
Main thing, she did her
time like a good girl.
Makes me feel proud.
She's not half like me.
CLATTERING
I wasn't in jail.
Best not talk about this now,
eh, Karen?
I was in hospital.
A psychiatric hospital.
Insanity plea. Works a charm.
I've been diagnosed
as being bipolar.
It's a disorder in which the
individual alternates between
states of deep depression
and extreme elation.
And it is nothing to be ashamed of,
despite what some
people might think.
You'll ruin the good
name of this family.
Have you looked at
the family recently?
If you really think the
Maguires have a good name
maybe it's you that needs
a stay in a nuthouse.
Cereal for dinner?
Yeah, it's for any time of the day.
Not breaking any laws.
Going out?
Yeah, Maxine's folks
are having a party.
Well, a bit of warning
would have been nice.
I've not even had a
shower or anything.
It's a private party.
It's not going to be fun. I've got to
pretend to be her doctor boyfriend.
Boyfriend? But she does
know that you're a...
Some kind of bird?
Some kind of bird? Shit-stabber.
Course she does. You know that.
Da-dah.
Da-dah. You scrub up OK.
So do you.
Yeah, for a poof!
Well, I'm dead busy tonight, me.
Oh, I've got loads of things to do.
Should we hold hands or something?
I don't know. If you want.
Hello?
Is this not a bit over the top?
Shut up!
Hi, Mum.
Hiya, love.
Dad this is, er, my boyfriend.
Hiya.
Hiya. Dr Gallagher.
Doctor?
Can't be bad.
Come in. >
# Yet there's still
this appeal... #
How come you ended up with our Max?
We met at, um...
..a social function.
It must be a bit
frustrating, though.
Well, no. Not really.
You've obviously made something of yourself
and now you've been lumbered with her.
Take her brother, Bruce.
He's directionless, but
he's got drive. He's got
Of course you have, sweetheart.
Don't be so sensitive.
Just like her mother. You help
yourself to beer, won't you, Ian?
Don't. I'm fine.
Cool fucking beans. On toast. Let's just
get through this party without fucking up.
Apparently, the sexual peak
for a woman is in her 30s.
That's like 60 in dog years.
Mickey, what you doing?
Making conversation.
What thefuckare you doing here?
I'm looking out for you.
Watching that Maxine. She fancies you.
Don't talk shite.
It'll get messy.
Stop trying to run my life.
Stay here, don't touch anything,
don't talk to anyone.
Maxine won't mind. Carl's here too.
You shouldn't be here.
It's a party.
Not that sort of party.
You can't stay.
I'm sure your boyfriend won't mind.
Could have asked me, though.
Have a bit of fun! >
Hey, Doc, you going to
have a go at karaoke?
Max sounds like a pig being punched
when she starts belting them out.
Cut it out.
Cut what out?
You're making Max feel bad.
I know you probably don't mean to.
I don't want to cause an argument,
but you need to ease up on her.
Give her a smile or a
thumbs up or something.
I Got You, Babe.
Oh, my God. >
You've got to go
home sometime, kiddo.
No. Not until they stop
treating me like a slave.
Unless I'm getting in the way.
Course you're not.
Right. Number 64, you're up.
Thank you.
Calm down. Deep breaths.
Have fun.
After-school specials?
You're a genius.
Shame it's out of my pocket,
straight into Lillian's.
Just need a bit of
creative accounting.
Just need a bit of creative accounting.
Nah. Couldn't do that.
Hi.
I've counted it, twice.
There's your ticket, take a seat.
Cheers. >
Then again...
..what she doesn't know, right?
Jamie, it's like a thousand
insects scrabbling away.
Jamie, why won't he stop?
Jamie, why won't he stop? Stop!
Sorry. It's just...
Oh, sorry.
It's OK. I understand.
It's just I'm tired, babes.
It's all right.
So you really like our Max, eh?
Yeah, she's great.
You're a shit liar.
Little gayboy.
Cut it out, Bruce.
It's OK. He knows.
I tell my little
brother everything.
Fuck's sake. I thought you
were going to punch me, then.
Yeah. With his penis.
You're kidding. Are you...?
One of the gays. Yep. For me sins.
I'm one of them lot too.
You got any friends who don't
park their car up Chocolate Lane?
I don't.
I don't. Yeah, that's a shame.
Right, you boys can all crash in here,
but don't expect any Caligula-style orgies.
Smoking dope's one thing,
but I don't think Pops would be pleased
if he found us with
us dicks hanging out.
And cheers for
sticking up for my sis.
If you were shafting her, I'd
definitely give you my seal of approval.
I'll get some pillows
and stuff, then. >
I was thinking,
I could stay in your room.
I mean, give the lads a
bit of space and all that.
Yeah, its just...
Ian's my fake boyfriend, so...
My dad, you know. Might be weird.
Yeah, good point.
Er, your singing -
it were dead good.
Like proper singing.
Aw. Cheers.
'I'm looking out for you.
Watching that Maxine. She fancies you.'
Cheers for last night.
I do appreciate it.
That's my mug.
What?
It says "Ian" on it. Ian. That's me.
So, respect that, thank you.
What's his problem?
You've put the wind up him.
Sorry?
He knows.
Knows what?
That you fancy him.
I don't.
Whatever you thinks going to happen,
it's not. Right? I'm sorry, but it's not.
You need a fucking hobby, sunshine.
Too much time on your hands.
Friendly warning letter.
Official warning letter.
Red no-more-fucking-warning
letters.
Easy, Karen easy.
Come on, calm down.
You think I'm doing this cos of
my condition? Crazy fucking Karen?
We are one bill away from
being out on our arses.
Hey, it's all under control.
I'm dealing with these.
You've got nothing to worry about.
You promise me?
Yeah.
Course.
Voila.
Tidy bit of artwork by
yours fucking truly.
Oi. What the fuck?
You all right?
Don't speak, all right?
Don't say a word.
Ah,yeah. Ah.
Oh! Ah!
'Watching that Maxine.
'Cos whatever you think's
going to happen, it's not.
'She fancies you.
'He knows that you fancy him.'
I've got to run.
Right, well, see you later, yeah?
Yeah.
Have you seen the scissors?
Give us a kiss.
Fuck off, Mickey.
It's back on. It's so back on.
You should have seen
her all over me.
We get it, mate.
You're great, you're amazing.
Right, I'm off. >
You're joking. You can't go home.
Are you not seeing what I'm seeing?
They're all right, I suppose.
All right? It's girls in school uniform.
There's no way we are not going home with
them.
Nah. I can't. It wouldn't be right.
No, it really would be.
There's two of them and one of you,
and they're all gagging for it. >
So stop being a tit
and get over there.
Happy birthday.
See you later, mate. Take care.
Ladies toilets. Two minutes.
You what?
You heard.
Do I know you?
No.
So what's this about, then?
I just wanted to see what
sort of person you are.
Like, are you the sort of man
who walks into the ladies just
because a stranger told him to?
And?
I was going to knock
this time, honest.
Oh, come on. It was sort of funny.
Have you been eating twat
sandwiches today or something?
Because either I've done something wrong
or you've turned into a total fanny
Mickey thinks you fancy me.
He keeps going on about it.
It's messing with my head a bit.
Sorry.
I don't think you need
to worry about that.
Even if I did - be pointless.
So don't flatter yourself.
It's not just that.
It's...
I don't know.
What are you doing?
Don't do that. Don't.
Sorry.
I know you're just
trying to be nice,
but I fucking hate nice and
I don't need your sympathy.
It's not sympathy.
Ian, a few hours ago,
you had your dick in Mickey.
So let's not pretend otherwise.
I did it because I
thought it'd help.
You don't have to justify it.
That's what you do. >
Who you are. >
Sorry.
All right?
Piss off.
Stop, right.
Stop.
GROANING
Please tell me you weren't
watching me sleep.
We're gonna watch a movie.
It's a bit early for porn,
isn't it?
It's not porn. It's art.
Oh, really. What's it called?
Handbugger Hill. Part Two.
That is Richie Rockwood.
Ten inches of pure hard steel.
He won the Gay Adult Video Awards,
Best Performer,
three years in a row.
He's gorgeous, isn't he?
He's all right I guess.
No, he is not 'all right'.
A cup of tea in the morning is 'all right'.
Beans on toast is 'all right'.
Richie Rockwood is fucking
incredible and I want you to admit
that to me, right here, right now.
You saw us.
You're too fucking right I did.
Ruined me dinner.
I know this must be confusing for
you it's confusing for me too.
Really fucking confusing.
Hey, don't worry.
We're going to sort you out.
We'll de-straighten you.
Everything will be fine.
Ian, just watch the movie!
I don't want to watch
the fucking movie!
Fine. We'll go to bed then.No!
You didn't have a problem yesterday.
Before she fucked with your head.
She didn't fuck with my head...
So I'm just a piece
of meat to you am I?
A booty call.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't
have dragged you into this.
I shouldn't have slept with you.
Yes, you should Ian!
Because I'm a fucking man!
And that is fucking natural!
I'm not handling knock offs.
They're not knock off.
They're 100% legit.
Where did you get them from then?
I won them.
In a raffle. Youth club.
The youth club was
raffling off ladyshaves?
Fifty quid.
Done!
Liam. Breakfast.
Carl? Stella?
Anyone?
Hello?
All right. On you go.
Don't forget your souvenir snaps.
Only two quid.
Look, come home son this is no place
for a young lad. Aw, fuckin'ell.
You only want me home because
you can't look after yourself.
Well, yeah. Obviously.
But, your part of me,
you're me flesh and blood.
I'm like one of those amputees who just
lost a limb and still thinks that it's
there.
Twenty quid.
It's not about the cash,
Liam - it's about family.
Twenty. Quid.
I could get a maid for that.
A butler. Me own personal Jeeves.
Then get one.
Just...
you what, you what? Eh, eh?
Fucking tried, didn't I?
Me own fucking flesh and blood.
I think you must have
wandered into the wrong house.
Cause everybody knows Paddy
Maguire wouldn't pay for it.
I just thought as two
fellow entrepreneurs,
we could have a little chat
a business opportunity.
We're doing fine as we are.
You haven't even heard my proposal.
That's right.
I haven't.
Goodbye, Paddy.
Try and control your woman, son.
Before someone else has to.
Whatever your game is,
I'm not interested.
Jamie...it is Jamie, right?
Sit down.
Now there's a woman in
Manchester on a conference.
Three months ago she discovered that
her husband had been having an affair
for over two years.
She's vulnerable, a little insecure
but, most importantly,
she needs cheering up
and someone like you could really
put the smile back on her face.
You've gotta be kidding, yeah?
I put two hundred in your pocket.
Missing fifty here.
I had bills to pay.
Times are hard. I get it.
That's why I'm offering you work.
I said I had bills.
I didn't say I wanting to
become a fucking man whore.
You still took fifty quid
off me to pay some bills.
But it won't be enough, will it?
Because there's always another brown
envelope waiting to
land on the doormat.
One hour's work. And you get this.
No. I'm not interested.
You are going to
walk away from this?
I've got a wife and a kid. So yeah.
I am.
Think about it.
Hey I can guarantee you at least
two hundred quid a session, right?
Well, that's three sessions a week,
that's nearly two and a half
grand a month right. Tax free.
Yes. You have a wife. And a kid.
But that kind of money's got to
make life a lot easier for everyone.
If you want to know more...
get in the car.
It's through the back gents,
game kicks off in five minutes.
It's a hundred quid minimum, and time
wasters, you know where the exit is.
No.
What?
I can't do it, Joe. One thing I've
learned is life has got to be simple.
It is.
You, me, and the baby.
We get in the car and we go.
Right now.
Heard you got tagged.
That was a misunderstanding
at the casino.
It's a ten minute detour to a mate.
It's a blow-torch and wire cutters moment.
It's not a reason to stay.
Jamie can't look after ya.
He can't provide for you.
Not like I can.
He does his best.
And it's never going
to be good enough!
I just came here
to say no.
That was it.
Really fuckin' smooth, Joe.
KNOCK ON DOOR
Carl. Hey.
Sshhh. Come.
Come on,
sit down.
Close your eyes.
Come on, close them.
OK.
What's this?
Open it and see.
Jesus.
It's real.
Carl... You haven't
thought this through.
I have. Really.
Look we've been stupid and
we've made mistakes...
but I'm certain about this, Max.
I really am. You and me.
Whoa! You've got terrible timing you.
I'm running late for work.
Five minutes.
I'm already on a warning.
They're gonna kill me -
last chance, they said.
Go on then. You better run.
I'll come see you after.
Yeah.
Guess what?
Guess what? What?
I'm getting married.
DOOR OPENS
Come in
Not going to give you
much of a night out.
What do you want?
Assistance.
And what makes you
think I'll say yes?
Because you want to be in full
possession of your knee caps.
And I'll be forever in your debt.
Who knows, maybe it will mend a few
bridges between me and your ma.
Is this something like being
made an offer you can't refuse?
No. It's exactly like being
made an offer you can't refuse.
Over a thousand quid in two days.
God, if Lillian wasn't
coming back tomorrow...
God, if Lillian wasn't coming
back tomorrow... I know.
I mean, the best thing is,
we did this.
Thought they'd all
buggered off home.
What the fuck are you doing?
Out! Everyone out!
I'm sorry.
Fuck being sorry.
What the hell is wrong with you?
It's only coke.
And since when have you been a
fucking coke dealer, Chesney?
You're working for him.
OK. You can piss off now.
Uh-uh. We're keeping the coke.
And the money.
He'll fucking kill me.
I'll handle him.
I didn't have a choice.
So she said yeah then?
She's going to. I can tell.
See I know Maxine.
No, you don't.
What do you mean?
You don't know Maxine at all.
You don't know anything.
Ian's sleeping with her.
What?
Shut up.
I caught 'em.
I'm sure you did. Ian and Maxine.
I came home and they were fucking.
They didn't see me.
Look, Ian's gay. And you're insane.
Think about it.
All that time they spend together.
Laughing and joking. Best mates.
More than best mates.
You've seen it too.
Micky...
you're starting to piss me off now.
Ask him then. Ask him about it.
Why would I lie to you,
for fuck's sake? >
I'm trying to stop you
making a fool of yourself! >
I'm trying to stop you making a
fool of yourself! > Fuck off!
In his bed. I saw them.
Fucking each other.
Look, I'm telling you
this to help you.
Why are you trying to
mess with me like this?
Tell me it's a lie! Tell me!
I can't!
It's not!
Ian and Maxine?
My Maxine?
No...
That's not fucking...
that's not fucking possible.
She wouldn't.
She wants to be with me.
She got up and walked out on you,
the moment you pulled out that ring.
Has she called you about it?
Texted you?
Anything? No.
Because she's fucking your brother.
Fuck you!
That's not true!
It's not fucking true!
Why the fuck did you tell Carl?!
Because he loves her.
No, no, he doesn't!
He just thinks he does!
He proposed to her!
What?
And he was gonna ask you
to be the best man. You!
Oh, no, this can't be happening!
Just explain to him that
it was all an accident.
How can I explain it to him when I
don't even understand it myself?
Well, the damage is done.
So you better put a stop to the
whole thing. Its for the best.
No.
But you can't like her.
She doesn't... she
doesn't even have a cock.
Maybe I just like people.
People with cocks.
Well, maybe I am confused and maybe
me and Maxine are just mates...
or maybe it's more than that.
How can it be?!
How can it be?! I don't know!
I don't have all the fucking answers!
I just know...
that when I'm with her,
I'm not thinking man or woman...
it's just...Maxine.
Maybe sexuality isn't one thing
or another maybe it's something
that's just shifting and moving.
that's just shifting
and moving. Fuck you!
What?!
What?
Fuck...you!
I looked up to you.
I thought you meant something.
Because until I met you...
I was a freak.
I was disgusted with myself.
But you showed me that
I didn't have to be.
You're a fucking traitor.
It wasn't...
It wasn't personal.
I didn't mean to.
But you did. And I loved you.
And not in a "want to shag
you all over the place" way.
But just love!
Just proper fucking love!
for what you are.
A cunt.
I understand you have
something that belongs to me.
I understand you have something that
belongs to me. We're having dinner here.
Chips? I've only had
four of my five a day.
Have a bloody banana then.
You had no right dealing at Lillian's.
And to school kids.
Free market. Supply and demand.
Exactly the same as you were doing.
No. I just wanted them to have fun.
Harmless fun,
show them a good time.
No, you wanted to
make some easy cash.
At least I wasn't lying to myself.
You don't have any bloody bananas.
Then have some milk or something!
Milk?
Jesus!
Don't you dare act like
you're better than me.
You're the one who paid to
fuck your own son's girlfriend.
And you're the one
who took the money.
Now, I would like my
property back, thank you.
True what they say, dear.
If you look in the abyss long enough
it'll stare right back at you.
Don't ask.
I'm having a bit of tough
time of it at the moment.
I haven't got any money.
I don't want any money.
I wouldn't ask you anyway.
Oh.
I just...
I dunno.
Do you ever think you're one thing,
and then you breathe in,
and maybe you're not?
I went to Southend-On-Sea once.
The sixth circle of Hell.
And I stood on the beach,
resisting the urge to do a Reggie Perrin,
and there's this old fella,
just eating custard creams.
Just shoving them down his throat.
And he looked miserable.
Even though he'd probably
bought 'em all for himself.
He looked so fucking miserable.
Not sure I follow.
Me neither.
S'all fucking bits and pieces,
this life of ours.
Could be worse.
Could be a poof.
So. Maxine then.
You fucking...!
You fucking knew!
Hey!
I'll fucking kill him!
Stop it! He's your brother! >
He's fucking dead to me!
Get him out!
Fucking hell.
Fucking hell, you all right son?
Ian, I'm...
Don't say sorry.
Don't say sorry. But I am.
I'm sorry.
I'm not.
'That's the thing about
this world of ours.
'Even if we are twats,
'it just keeps on rolling.
'Wife walks out on ya.
'Father passes away.
'Cat gets run over
by the number 10 bus.
'Doesn't matter.
'World's not going to stop,
not even going to pause for breath.'
MOBILE RINGS
I've got to pop out for a while.
Sure.
'Nobody cares about your problems.
'But sometimes you find someone...
'someone who seems to understand...
'someone who gets you.
'And for a little while,
it's better.
'We can lie there in the dark and
promise never to leave each other.
'We have someone to hold onto.
'For a little while anyway.'
I've met someone. We're gonna
live together. Her name's Doreen.
Oh, my God!
What happened to the kitchen?
Bailiffs.
Neverlet the bailiffs in!
Can you lend me some more money?
This is it for the Maguires.
150 grand!
And you're going to rob it.
How much do you owe?
Fifteen hundred.
Get down, son!
Why should I?
What have I got to live for?
Noooooo!
Hello, officers, what seems
to be the problem? I know you.
None of this was done
to make you jealous.
It's your mid-life crisis,
not mine.
I want us to go to Cuba.
www.addic7ed.com
Ah, bastard!
I'm not gonna ask.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org